= Tron 3000

This is a deathmatch-style remake of classic Tron game, for multiple players on the same computer, or for playing against artificial intelligence players. Controls are so simple. There are lots of items to pick up, which make the game very addictive:
* Green bubbles provide weapons, which can be used using the "fire" button. There are missiles available, and so on.
* Red bubbles provide temporal skills, such as high speed.
* Blue bubbles have immediate effects, such as cleaning the screen.

Everytime an opponent is killed, you get one point, but if you kill yourself, you'll lose one point. The player with more points wins.

As the game starts, a demo game is played in the background. You can change video resolution and go fullscreen in the "options" menu. In order to play, you have to create some players in the "players" menu, either human or AI players. Then you're ready to start a new game.

For the geeks, the game allows creating new weapons or AI profiles by including new extensions under the 'extensions' folder, such as:
  tron3000
    extensions
      new_extension           (name for the extension)
        art
          audio
            new_item.wav      (sound played when picking the item -- optional)
          graphics
            new_item.png      (icon for the item -- optional)
        code
          items
            new_item.rb       (code for the item)

Items are quite easy to code. The following example defines a skill which removes the trail that is left after a player (by redefining the "trail" method that Motorbike class uses):

  Skill do
    def trail; end
  end

The next example creates an action which clears all the screen. Like in the previous one, code is executed under the Motorbike class:

  Action do
    def pick_action
      @game.arena.clear_all
    end
  end

Check more items under tron3000/code/items. If you also want to add a new AI profile to your extension, just create it like tron3000/extensions/new_extensions/code/bots/my_new_killer_bot.rb and you'll be able to select it when creating new players during the game. Check the existing AI profile at tron3000/code/bots/machine.rb. After you have created an extension, you can activate it in the "extensions" menu of the game.

= License

Tron 3000 is free software under MIT license, and entirely developed in Ruby, using Ruby-Gosu gem.

This software uses sounds from junggle, Dynamicell, room, inferno, Stephan.Matson, Satoration and Percy Duke at freesound.org, backgrounds from http://background-wallpaper.110mb.com/ , and FMOD Sound System, copyright © Firelight Technologies Pty, Ltd., 1994-2007.

Thanks to developers of previous versions of Tron, especially to "Super Tron". Thanks to Julian Raschke for his Gosu library and Yukihiro Matsumoto for the Ruby language.

Copyright (c) 2008 José Ignacio Fernández (joseignacio.fernandez at gmail.com), released under the MIT license
